chore: added a guide.md to prescribe how to write test harness tests (#124)
DevCycleHQ/test-harness: docs/GUIDE.MD

# How To Write Test Harness Tests

Refer to the Variable Cloud tests and Variable Local tests on how to write tests for both Cloud and Local bucketing.

Tests are divided into separate features that are present in each SDK tested by the test harness. The tests are located under
`harness/features/`. There are also helper methods located under `harness/helpers.ts` that can be used to create SDK clients, call certain
features on the proxy server and return the response, etc.

An important helper method is the `forEachSDK` helper method, which can be wrapped around any tests to run the tests for all SDKs listed under
`harness/types/sdks.ts`.

Another useful method is to wrap tests with a `describeCapability` function, passing in a capability listed under `harness/types/capabilities.ts`. 
This is used to segment different SDKs with different tests that are present on some SDKs but not all, e.g. Python not having a local bucketing capability.

> Lastly, we use `nock` to mock out server responses sent from the SDK. This allows to stub out certain methods on different URLs and return an object which can

Reviewer: this line has a few grammar issues

then we can use `jest` to expect the response from the proxy server.

```
e.g. This stubs out any calls from the SDK for the /variables endpoint with the specific variable key "var_key" and returns a variable object.

Note: we can also granularly match on query params, this example matches on if the "enableEdgeDb" query param is set.
scope
    .post(`/client/${testClient.clientId}/v1/variables/var_key`, (body) => body.user_id === 'user1')
    .matchHeader('Content-Type', 'application/json')
    .matchHeader('authorization', testClient.sdkKey)
    .query((queryObj) => {
        return !!queryObj.enableEdgeDB
    })
    .reply(200, {
        key: 'var_key',
        value: 'value',
        defaultValue: 'default_value',
        type: 'String',
        isDefaulted: false
    })
```

We can then use our helper methods to call the `variable` method on our proxy servers: 
```
const variableResponse = (await testClient.callVariable(
    { user_id: 'user1' },
    'var_key',
    'default_value'

> )).json()

Reviewer: this would actually need to be awaited again since calling `.json()` on the response object returns a promise

> ```

Reviewer: maybe add something about how unsatisfied nock interceptors will cause a test case to fail at the end?

also might be good to have a little architecture overview of how all the different pieces fit together

Author: I added a bit on nock above, but what were you thinking about architecture overview that wouldn't already be covered in the README?

Reviewer: well a general overview of how it actually works, maybe that block diagram we have showing the different pieces.

it would also be helpful to explain in general terms how all those pieces of the diagram actually function, eg. how do the proxies get run during tests? how does the harness communicate with them? how do the proxies know how to communicate back to the harness? how does the nock scope get hooked up with the mock server, and how does that server get started?

Author: @ajwootto ok i added a blurb in the guide with the accompanying diagram

# How To Write Test Harness Tests

_Refer to the Variable Cloud tests and Variable Local tests on how to write tests for both Cloud and Local bucketing._

![Architecture overview of the test harness](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10345366/211103174-93507d88-814f-4177-bbb3-392830e6a280.png)

> The tests send commands to the proxy server through http requests, the spec of which you can find at `docs/spec.yaml`. The proxy server then calls the SDK based on the request from the test harness and will respond back with the results to the test harness. The SDK is also configured by the test harness to point all API calls to the mock server using `nock`; the proxy server initializes the SDK with options that change the base URL to the urls passed by the proxy server. This allows us to mock API calls from the SDK.

Reviewer: maybe add a note about the jest testcontainers setup?
also about the jest environment that is automatically setting up the mock server?

# How To Write Test Harness Tests

_Refer to the Variable Cloud tests and Variable Local tests on how to write tests for both Cloud and Local bucketing._

![Architecture overview of the test harness](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10345366/211103174-93507d88-814f-4177-bbb3-392830e6a280.png)

The test harness is built using `jest-testcontainers` which can run docker containers that can be used in our tests. The test harness uses it to spin up
proxy servers, written in the language they are meant to test.The `docker-compose.yml` file lists the images that are to be spun up when the tests start up.

> There is also `jest-environment.ts` where some globals are set up and when the servers get torn down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also `jest-environment.ts` where some globals are set up and where the mock API server is setup and torn down.
```
